https://codepen.io/euthyphro/pen/poEZaKG

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        html elements that tell us something about its contents

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        communicating to the browser how a webpages content is structured

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional information about elements and are placed in the opening tag of an elements

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag identifies the main title of a webpage.  It should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a (anchor) tags and img tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title, style, link, script

    7. What is an id? 
        an attribute identifying a single element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        most elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        just once
    
    10. What is a class? 
        an attribute that can identify multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        most elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        in the anchor tag, set the target attribute to "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        specifies alternative text if the image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
        with '#'

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is a grouping of elements in a page while a div separates content for styling or scripting
        a div can represent groups or individual elements

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        css is used to add styling such as color, font-size, and white space to a web page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        using solely the element tag followed by curly braces

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class can be used for multiple elements while an id can only be used once.  Use a class to use the same 
        font for most of the text on your web page.  Use an id to give a unique background color to the navbar

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        use '.' followed by the name of the class followed by curly braces

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {...}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        a selector that picks a child element within a parent element. useful when one ones to style a 
        specific element but not all elements that share the tag or class

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a {...}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        styling for when an element is in a special state (e.g. hover, visited link)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: dotted black 1px;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {...}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* text in here are comments */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm something.file;  you cannot undo this action

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to track changes to a project especially if several people are working on it.  

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork repo to your own github; clone repo to local machine; create a branch with 'firstName-lastName';
        Work on project, adding and committing changes as necessary; push branch to github;
        Create a PR to submit your work

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements do not start on a new line while block elements always start on a new line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        it is kept at the same position with respect to its parent element

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 